---
year: 2023
banner: "https://preview.redd.it/arqa352ph7x61.jpg?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=84f9245d607b029667d5bfc4abf36547fc6213de"
---

###### [[2022|â†¶ PREVIOUS YEAR]] â [[2024|FOLLOWING YEAR â†·]]
# â—Œ 2023
## ðŸ‘“ Reflect
### ðŸ† Goals/Milestones Achieved
```dataview
TABLE without ID
	file.link AS "ðŸ Goal/Milestone",
	replace(tags, "#life/", "") as "ðŸŽ¯ Type",
	"âœ… " + completeddate AS "âœ… Completed",
	dateformat(deadline,"d MMMM, yyyy") AS "ðŸ“… Deadline"
FROM (#life/goal OR #life/milestone) AND "5 Life" AND !"999 Templates"
WHERE 
	completeddate != "In Progress" AND
	completeddate.year = this.year
SORT completeddate ASC, deadline ASC
```

### ðŸ—ƒï¸ Quarterly Reviews
[[2023-Q1]]
ðŸ’ª `$= dv.page("2023-Q1").proud`
ðŸ“‰ `$= dv.page("2023-Q1").improve`

[[2023-Q2]]
ðŸ’ª `$= dv.page("2023-Q2").proud`
ðŸ“‰ `$= dv.page("2023-Q2").improve`

[[2023-Q3]]
ðŸ’ª `$= dv.page("2023-Q3").proud`
ðŸ“‰ `$= dv.page("2023-Q3").improve`

[[2023-Q4]]
ðŸ’ª `$= dv.page("2023-Q4").proud`
ðŸ“‰ `$= dv.page("2023-Q4").improve`

### ðŸ‘“ Annual Reflection

>[!question] What went well this year?

Proud:: I lost quite some weight, started to workout and eat healthier. I started training for a marathon and made very good progress, already able to run 15 km under 90 minutes. I became used to being a father and taking care of our daughter, the connection between my wife and me got stronger and we have a beautiful, happy family life. I got a promotion at work to a team leader position and learned a lot about leadership already. Learned a lot of Italian and already applied it a bit on our vacation in Italy. Started my blog with the LifeOS Series and wrote a few articles already. I learned a lot about personal development, especially goal setting and reflected a lot. Overall I'm happy how this year went and on what I achieved.

>[!question] What did not go well this year?

Improve:: I need to put a higher focus on my health as it is my most valuable resource and I only have one life. Eat healthier, meaning more veggies, less processed food and especially less sugar. Stay consistent with my workout routine. I need to set less goals, but actually focus on them to increase my chance of achieving them all. 

---
## ðŸ”­ Plan
- [x] Check the upcoming [[Plan - Future ðŸ”­]] for the next few years âœ… 2023-12-14
- [x] Add new goals as needed âœ… 2023-12-14
- [x] Choose goals for the next year âœ… 2023-12-14
- [x] Add milestones to chosen goals and adjust deadlines âœ… 2023-12-14
- [x] Add projects to chosen milestones and adjust deadlines âœ… 2023-12-14
